business tip with an investment
it is possible to buy a
make stamps and assemble a small
company
the equipment can also add value
to other businesses such as a
stationery in são paulo a factory
produce machine with national technology
see who will start a business
the stamp machine has three advantages
it's a little practice and cheap
The equipment costs one thousand four hundred and
fifty reais make stamps in 20
minutes and only one beast
this technology was not born here in the
brazil she from another country is the states
united pioneered we bring by
to be a machine and through this brand
we made improvements by adapting it to
the brazilian market
I have a better cost including
that is imported
bacca of making stamp is all produced
here in the factory the cut of the work sheet
the paint assembly and the electrical part
to make a stamp first you need
producing a photolite the process is
you create the art on your computer and
print on parchment paper
then holds that part in a movie
plastic and inside the machine that
is nothing more than a metal box with
ultraviolet light bulbs
simply press the equipment for a
second and reveal the movie
you can do the stamps for
times here
using the whole area of the machine you
can make up to 50 academic reversal
put one next to the other in the movie
but the next to each other leaving the
minimum space of five millimeters
the next step is to pass the image of the
photolithography to rubber stamp this
Resin thick in video light is
poured on top of the material film
it is then compressed between two
goes inside the exact time machine
320 seconds and ready
the image was then transferred to the
the film where it forms the
part is raised by passing light
where it passes away it hardens to the relief and
format file grained rock at the base of the
stamp which may be of plastic or
the battery well in this kit with
all the necessary material for r $ 300 gives
to make 200 cars with it
the affection is one of the business
that there is this one for
example a simple signature stamp
it costs the manufacturer a real and
twenty-five cents in century stores
18 to $ 10
another example is that the affection of the type
cnpj cost price 12 reais in stores
leaves for up to 50 reais each to start
a business is enough a minimum space
the equipment fits in one square meter
of the area and the market is very diverse
the notary public uses the stamp
school uses the way to illustrate is
child work is used stationery
offices also use
enough to authenticate finally
a bank it has a high demand for
market the company comes from 800
falling per month and invoice
two and a half million reais per year
lots of people use machines to add
value to the business is the case of copiers
key chains and stationery like this
valdomiro days
he bought the equipment ten years ago
achieved an extra billing of a thousand and
two hundred real gomes provided
outsourcing is the one I took from who
manufacture time was passing and as demand
increased I demand was great and I
I even decided to publish it, right?
And thank God I had a lot of success.
there
this other shop only stamps marcio
biber has been working in the segment since 74
in 2005 he bought two machines and
It began operating in the specific market
of public tenders
now account for 90% of revenues
from the store
you have to be registered in
government platforms to empower
have the right to participate in
Martyr's bids are stamped the way
that the customer asks for round rectangular
with up to 10 square centimeters
the production is high 25 thousand stamps per
month for a monthly billing of 50 thousand
real
We're already really programming
to double production capacity is
terms of space because we like people
as I said 'not how this market does not
It's a problem, we want to know a lot.
more fell farther than we already
we have come along for almost 40 years
of work